feat(curriculum): adding reusable profile card component workshop (#57400)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-reusable-profile-card-component/674ef11f75254548672d998c.md

---
id: 674ef11f75254548672d998c
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0

> dashedName: step-1

Reviewer: `demoType`: `onLoad` is missing here.

Author: @moT01 is this necessary?

Reviewer 2: yea, we should add that. It's what makes the final product show up on the first step:

<details><summary>image</summary>

<img width="1399" alt="Screenshot 2024-12-13 at 10 09 26 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f733f1e6-3043-4f12-b878-802772b43a98" />

</details>

Reviewer 2: Added ✅

> dashedName: step-1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dashedName: step-1
demoType: onLoad
```

---

# --description--

In this project, you will learn how to work with props by building a reusable profile card component.

> Start by using the export keyword to create a `Card` functional component with `name`, `title`, and `bio` as the props. Don't forget to make sure they're all wrapped in a curly brace. That way, you destructure them instead of accessing them from `props`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Start by using the `export` keyword to create a `Card` functional component with `name`, `title`, and `bio` as the props. Don't forget to make sure they're all wrapped in a curly brace. That way, you destructure them instead of accessing them from `props`.
```

> Also, return a pair of parenthesis with empty string inside the function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, return a pair of parenthesis with an empty string inside of them for now.
```

> Also, return a pair of parenthesis with an empty string inside of them for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, return a pair of parentheses with an empty string inside them for now.
```

# --hints--

> You should create a `Card` functional component. Don't forget to return an empty string inside it.

Reviewer 3: This test doesn't work without the `export`, right? Maybe it's worth to remember that the component needs to be exported in this hint.

```suggestion
You should create and export a `Card` functional component. Don't forget to return an empty string inside it.
```

```js
const mockedComponent = Enzyme.mount(
  React.createElement(window.index.Card)
);

assert.lengthOf(mockedComponent.find('Card'), 1);
```

> Your `Card` component should have a `name`, `title`, and `bio` prop.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Your `Card` component should have a `name`, `title`, and `bio` props.
```

---
id: 674ef11f75254548672d998c
title: Step 1
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-1
demoType: onLoad

> demoType: onLoad

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Not sure what happened - I clicked the button twice and it made two commits.
